README.md, before:

# React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Hospitality

Welcome to Hospitality! This is a platform designed for buy or get rent your type of property you want.So, cheack it out.

## Live Site

Check out the live site [Hospitality](https://real-estate-hospitality-60cde.web.app)

## Features and Characteristics

- **AOS**: Integrate [AOS](https://github.com/michalsnik/aos) (Animate On Scroll Library) for smooth and beautiful animations.
- **react-text-transition**: Add smooth transitions to text elements with [react-text-transition](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-text-transition).
- **React-fast-marquee**: Implement scrolling elements easily with [React-fast-marquee](https://www.react-fast-marquee.com/documentation).
- **React-helmet-async**: Dynamically manage document head metadata with [React-helmet-async](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-helmet-async).
- **React-hook-form**: Simplify form management with [React-hook-form](https://react-hook-form.com/get-started).
- **Contact-Support**: Provide users with easy access to support channels for assistance and inquiries.
- **About**: Offer information about your platform, its purpose, and its mission.
- **Hotel-Details**: Display detailed information about hotels available on your platform.
- **Motel-Details**: Display detailed information about motels available on your platform.
- **Resort-Details**: Display detailed information about resorts available on your platform.
- **GuestHouse-Details**: Display detailed information about guesthouses available on your platform.
- **Update-Profile**: Allow users to update their profile information and preferences.
- **Booking**: Enable users to make bookings for accommodations directly through your platform.
- **Hospitality-Categories**: Categorize accommodations into different hospitality categories for easy browsing and filtering.

Commit message:

do navbar responsive and deploy firebase and add some owner json data

README.md, after:

# React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Hospitality

Welcome to Hospitality! This is a platform designed for buy or get rent your type of property you want.So, cheack it out.

## Live Site

Check out the live site [Hospitality](https://real-estate-hospitality-60cde.web.app)

## Features and Characteristics

- **AOS**: Integrate [AOS](https://github.com/michalsnik/aos) (Animate On Scroll Library) for smooth and beautiful animations.
- **react-text-transition**: Add smooth transitions to text elements with [react-text-transition](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-text-transition).
- **React-fast-marquee**: Implement scrolling elements easily with [React-fast-marquee](https://www.react-fast-marquee.com/documentation).
- **React-helmet-async**: Dynamically manage document head metadata with [React-helmet-async](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-helmet-async).
- **React-hook-form**: Simplify form management with [React-hook-form](https://react-hook-form.com/get-started).
- **Swiper**: [Swiper](https://swiperjs.com/demos) is a modern touch slider library for building responsive, mobile-friendly sliders and carousels.
- **Contact-Support**: Provide users with easy access to support channels for assistance and inquiries.
- **About**: Offer information about your platform, its purpose, and its mission.
- **Hotel-Details**: Display detailed information about hotels available on your platform.
- **Motel-Details**: Display detailed information about motels available on your platform.
- **Resort-Details**: Display detailed information about resorts available on your platform.
- **GuestHouse-Details**: Display detailed information about guesthouses available on your platform.
- **Update-Profile**: Allow users to update their profile information and preferences.
- **Booking**: Enable users to make bookings for accommodations directly through your platform.
- **Hospitality-Categories**: Categorize accommodations into different hospitality categories for easy browsing and filtering.
